# Accuracy Testing I/O

## Input

Input will come in the form of CSV files, generated by the extract generator script.
Currently, there are a four incident groups and one standalone incident:

**Fund Trade Decision Maker**
*Buyer*:

- 12_17

*Seller*:

- 21_17

**Invalid Identification Code**
*Buyer*:

- 7_35
- 7_37
- 7_39

*Seller*:

- 16_19
- 16_21
- 16_23

**Inconsistent Identification Code**
*Buyer*:

- 7_66

*Seller*:

- 16_20

**Incorrect Net Amount**
*Not related to client data:*

- 35_3

### Script Generation

The script should determine which extract needs generating based on the incident
code inputted by the user.
All of the SQL extracts will have a template, and all of the templates will have
a 'WHERE' clause into which a list of transaction references will need inserting.
The lists of transaction references will be held in files (type not yet
determined, most likely CSV) which the script should locate and read.

### Template Extraction

The current VBA workflow involves copying incident data from the consolidated
errors/queries spreadsheets (which contains all incident data ) to template
spreadsheets for each incident.
The user will filter by incident description to determine which records are to
be copied over.

Could a script be developed which will extract the relevant records from the
consolidated spreadsheets to CSV template sheets?

### External Trackers

The accuracy testing scripts relating to client data will also look up records
in two external trackers - one for client data remediation and one for Italian clients.

A question to ask is whether we can deprecate the remediation tracker with the
introduction of the PII dashboards - we will go with yes for now.
The Italian tracker will continue being used. It is currently stored as an .xlsx
file on a network drive - is this a problem? It is a live file, with its contents
possibly having a direct impact on the results of accuracy testing.

## Output

Output to CSV
Perform lookup against Kaizen incident data in the same way the current macros do
Create blank columns for checking by JF and CC
